<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="kimhhost" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Host Update</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Host Update</wintitle> page shows information about
the host system.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>Click the following sections to display information about the host:</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Software Updates</dt>
<dd>This section displays information for all of the packages that
have updates available, including package name, version, architecture,
and repository. You can update all of the packages listed by selecting <uicontrol>Update
All</uicontrol>. You cannot select individual packages for updates.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Repositories</dt>
<dd>This section displays repositories that are associated with the
host system. You can add, enable, edit, or remove repositories. Adding
a repository associates it with the host system while enabling a repository
allows the host to access it. If your system is Red Hat Enterprise
Linux or Fedora, you can add <filepath>yum</filepath> repositories.
If your system is Ubuntu or Debian, then add <filepath>deb</filepath> repositories.<p>If
you are working with yum repositories, you can add a GPG check to
verify that a package from this repository have not been corrupted.
Select a repository and then <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>. Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to
enable <uicontrol>GPG Check</uicontrol> and then enter a URL to the
GPG key file for the repository.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl>
</csbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
<?tm 1392659967 1?>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000003410?>
